or the org
cain sees the audience that is giving the
soldier michael and find out what's going
to happen in the next few hours is
worrying but you must know it come
do not waste any more time because as I do not
we prepare well this is going to be very
difficult to solve
so fight fight here come on let's go
to apply well
I will repeat it for the last time we will mount
several patrols along the
police station we will form several points
sure so that people have where
take shelter
and do not forget we treat ourselves with
normal people are very aggressive and
They will try to come back as soon as they see us
in this case we will have to shoot them
in your head or you will not die remember that
if they come in contact of any kind
with the infected you too
will be infected
what is that noise seems like a
chainsaw
but what the hell
what happens these will be the infected ones of
those that the soldier michael spoke
My God has killed them all what
demons is happening I do not understand
nothing
the police station is no longer safe, I must
leave here